fix: Convert Linux help to markdown (#307)
keymanapp/help.keyman.com: products/linux/14.0/common/index.md

---
title: Common Questions
---

## Q. How do I install Keyman for Linux?
**A.** In Ubuntu and Wasta-Linux, Keyman for Linux can be installed via launchpad:
```bash
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:keymanapp/keyman
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get upgrade
sudo apt-get install keyman onboard-keyman
```

> Keyman for Linux packages are also available in any current Debian at: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An older version of Keyman for Linux packages is also available in any current Debian at: 
```
